# LineageOS 17 How to install SM-J8
 /* * Your warranty is no longer valid.(or it isn't ? who am I to judge) * * I am not responsible for bricked devices, dead SD cards, broken touchscreens, * thermonuclear war, or you getting fired because the alarm app failed. Please * do some research if you have any concerns about features included in this package * before flashing it! YOU are choosing to make these modifications, and if * you point the finger at me for messing up your device, I will laugh at you. *     LineageOS 17 How to install SM-J8 ~vks DISCLAIMAR: It is a gsi and not a ROM. I am not responsible for anything , proceed at your own risk , All files are properties of their respective owner.  What works (TESTED ON SM-J810G) -Calls , SMS -Data (Enable LTE in data setting , default edge) -Fingerprint -Both Camera and Flash -Audio -Screen Mirroring -Basically everything  What dosen't work -No bugs , Everything works , stable too.  IMPORTANT:You will need an android10 stock vendor.  The incuded .zip contains -Odin3 -Odin Flashable TWRP , By @goldfish07 (Telegram grpoup = https://t.me/galaxyj8 ) -Tryfix lockscreen.zip -Magisk v21.zip -Disable-Dm-Verity.zip -Open-gapps-pico-arm-10.zip (Propietary) -Lineage-17.img (Non compressed/zipped iso)  Unzip the container file , and copy all these to sd card or an otg pendrive(recomended) , PC MTP Dosent work in recovery. Procedure. 1. Flash TWRP with ODIN (Lookup for procedure , and install drivers) 2. Boot into Custom Recovery 3. Wipe > Format_Data > Type yes (Swipe to reset dosen't work, data backup- -would be a good idea) 4.Navigate to your copied files , select Flash image > Lineage-17.img , Flash in system. 5.Go to wipe (after flash), Advanced wipe > System > Repair or change File System >- -Resize File System (This Prevents Error70 Insufficient Space in Gapps) 6.Flash Gapps (select Flah from Zip) , If flash shows Error70 , Repeat From Step 3. 7.Flash Disable-Dm-Verity.zip (To prevent Stuck on boot animation of the os) 8.Flash Magisk v21.zip (To prevent Bootloop to bootloader , and to- -actually start booting into os ; V20 , V18 dosen't work) 9.Flash Tryfix lockscreen.zip (To get lockscreen secure lock working as well as fingerprint , and also prevents bootloop due to magisk) 10.Reboot to recovery again , and then to system. (Helps mount files and stuff) 11.Setup and enjoy, to remove the persistent notif , uncheck in setting.  IF YOU NEED ROOT IF IT ISINT THERE ALREADY  1.Reboot to recovery , Flash Magisk v21.zip (Only flash this to prevent bootloop , and to bootloop to bootloader) 2.Flash Tryfix lockscreen.zip ( To be on the safer side , and prevent bootloop)  3.Enjoy!     Fixed: 1.Bootloop to BootLoader 2.Bootloop 3.Stuck on Bootanimation 4.Secure Lockscreen 5.Gapps Flash Error70 No space 6.FingerPrint 7.Booting  @vanshksingh  t.me SAMSUNG J8/On8 OFFICIAL Da Rules : 1. English and Hindi Only 2. Offtopic = a lil bit. 3. ETA = allowed 4. Respect All Admins 5. Reviewers always allowed. t.me
